5/25/2025                                                                                                                                                                          
I finished the psu mount that will mount onto the v-slot of the exturtion this took about a hour. then I moved onto making the frame in CAD using 4 double extrutions for the z axis these are 400mm long. the x axis exturtions will be 3 singles that are 370mm. The y axis will be 4 single exturtions that are 410mm long. the x and y have a 40mm differance this is because it will make a perfect square when i connect them. also i only use 3 on the x because the front top will be open for cost and if someone didn't wan't to make it enclosed it is a lot easier to take out the bed with a part on it. overall I worked 2 hours on it today.
5/26/2025                                                                                                                                                                          
this day I did reaserch on what linear rails I will use and through my reaserch I decided on 12mm thick rails then 350mm long these are good for cost and the X axis will be lighter than if i choose 15mm ones. then to finish today i added the rails and the blocks onto my 3d model. today I spent 1 hour on everything. the rails will cost around 80 for three including shipping and tax.
5/27/2025                                                                                                                                                                         
today I finished the design for the ecetronics box and then I printed it to see how it would do. the main thing is that the walls are to thick for the ports so i need to fix this later in my design
6/1/2025                                                                                                                                                                           
I did not work on this for a while but what i did today was design and print the z motor mounts and they worked good enough for now i will get more stablity in the future. designing them took about 45 minutes because my first model sucked. i also added the lead screws to my design i will be using the same pitch and lead as the ender 5 but they will be 70 mm shorter.
6/2/2025                                                                                                                                                                           
